Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
...is death by fire.
--It's too hot! --It's too hot!
Captain Shinmon! Where did you go?!
You can't tell us you've forgotten about us!
"Episode 24: Signs of Upheaval"
We came here to learn how to use Hysterical Strength of a Fire Scene!
Captain Shinmon! What is the purpose of this?!
Captain Shinmon, what is the purpose of that?
I don't know. It's proto-nationalist hazing.
Hysterical Strength of a Fire Scene
is a power beyond the limits of the limits of one's strength.
So this is also necessary to overcome the limits of the limits of one's strength.
Konro did this to me when I was a kid.
Ah.
It's called Hysterical Strength of a Fire Scene. It's no exaggeration to say
that when someone can use this Hysterical Strength at will,
they become a full-fledged hikeshi.
And the captain of the 8th? He's God's gift to Hysterical Strength.
That man is the model of what a hikeshi should be.
Captain Obi?
Nobody else who is unpowered can do the things he can.
Wh-What is the purpose of this?!
What is... ...the purpose... ...of this?!
What is... ...the purpose...
We're roasted over a fire... dragged through town behind a wagon...
...dipped undressed and upside-down in water... then spun around...
What is... the purpose of this...?
Hysterical Strength of a Fire Scene
requires you to go beyond the limit of your limits.
Right...
I said the same thing when Konro did this to me.
And...?
I'm sure there was some reason for all of this.
I never actually checked, though.
"Huh..."
Huh...?
"Seriously?"
Okay, let's do this.
Was there really no point to all of that, sir?
I don't know. Are you going to worry about every little thing?
--Hey, screw you, man! --What the hell was all that?!
--Die, damn you! --That was complete abuse of power!
Maybe it's the hazing, but you have a lot of pent-up anger.
Nice. I can feel the breath of life in every one of your attacks.
I can even sense you trying to kill me.
Of course you can, sir! It's the bitterness from our anger!
Whoa, are you okay?!
That's going too far!
Anger begets anger. If you turn your bloodlust on someone,
that bloodlust is guaranteed to come right back to you.
You two have learned the breath of life. Your lives,
your friends' lives, your enemies' lives... the importance of all life.
But you still take it too lightly.
To face a fire scene
is to cast yourselves into the purifying fires of the Wisdom King Acala.
The moment you drop your guard will be your last.
Acala's flames will come and snuff your breath of life right out.
What you sense past the breath of life is...
"The Press of Death"
Look alive! Or Acala will claim your life.
How?! He's faster than my Rapid!
That was a simple kick and palm strike...
This is the Hysterical Strength of a Fire Scene?
--We're not... --...done yet!
I'm not done yet...!
D-Damn... They've been at it for five hours.
They've used up all the oxygen in their bodies. They're blacking out.
If they keep this up any longer,
they'll develop tephrosis.
Overheated?
Captain Shinmon, isn't that enough training for one day?
Training? I don't remember even starting that.
Get up. The training begins now.
Hey, Konro, are you here?
Wah! The captain of the 5th?! Are you here to have Waka train you, too?
Don't be ridiculous. I'm a researcher, not a barbarian.
I've come to hear all about the story you mentioned yesterday,
about when you fought that demon two years ago.
Hmm? Yesterday? You mean about the doppelganger?
Yeah, that's right. I want to hear more about it.
You want to hear more? I don't know what to say.
There isn't anything more than what I said yesterday. Anyhow,
why don't you come in?
I thought as much, so we're here to take it up with you physically.
Please go on in.
There's someone else with you?
Special Fire Force Company 6 Captain Kayoko Huang.
Kayoko-san, this is the one.
I'll start with a palpatory exam.
What are they doing to me?
What's the matter? Get up, already.
The training is just starting?
If you keep this up any longer, they're going to get tephrosis!
This training is to push them beyond their limits.
Now, stand up!
I was... never going... to quit...
...in the... first place...
That just sounds like bravado to me.
Just standing there getting hit is the same as quitting.
Come on, what's wrong with you? Move, or you're dead.
Your enemy isn't going to wait for you.
I know that... sir...
All the oxygen in my body... I can't breathe...
I can feel my own life burning...
My consciousness...
...is fading...
A fire scene...?
The purifying flame of Acala...
A fire scene... I'm in the middle of a fire scene...
Shinra!
Is this...?
But I'm in Asakusa right now...
Sho...
Mom...
If I don't do something, I'll be killed.
I don't ever want to lose them again.
Precious life... Unique...
Once it's gone, there's no getting it back.
Tension and fear are making me stiffen up.
If I don't move, I'll die.
I'll be killed. Once I'm dead, it's all over.
Am I just a coward?
Am I going to let this end without doing something?
What do I do? What can I do?
I've used up everything that I have. There isn't anything left.
So what can I do?
"So what can I do"
"Survival instinct"
Survival instinct.
The strain of death is making me smile.
"Pinch of Energy"
A Pinch of Energy.
What is the fear of death giving me?
"The Press of Death"
Those flames-- Now you're cooking.
Have you learned anything?
Your flame is not special, nor different from the flames of other pyrokinetics.
And if your flame has no special characteristics,
then there must be some other trigger for you to Adolla Link.
Lieutenant Konro, both you and Captain Hague from the 4th
underwent your Adolla Links during the Great Fire.
There were major flames, and many people's deaths.
Perhaps something about that served as the trigger.
Kayoko-san,
you just said his flame was no different from a normal one.
Having actually touched an Adolla Burst,
is there anything different about it that sets it apart from normal flames?
Is something the matter?
No, it's nothing.
I'm going to go around and ask the others who have had Adolla Links.
I know Captain Hague is someone else who carries a stigma.
Talking to him might reveal something.
I bear a holy scar, and the White-Clad came after me.
Are we sure the captain is safe?
We'd better hurry.
Good! Yes, very good!
You are someone with considerable skill.
Who are you? I assume you are a member of the White-Clad.
You who bear a stigma, I have come for you.
A golden arm...
How did you... get behind me...?
There is nothing behind you.
The protectors are not the only weapons the Evangelist has.
What exactly... are you?
A Destroyer.
A Fire Soldier's duty is to protect human lives and property.
But one's own life is the most important thing.
Without one's life, lives that may have been saved can no longer be.
Látom.
The death of one of your men sure takes a toll.
Pan, always make rational decisions, always act sensibly,
and at a scene, always treat your own person with great care.
We are not heroes. We are human, just like the victims of these fires.
Do you aspire to be a hero, sir?
Good question.
I think it would be nice if there were such beings beyond our understanding.
Help me get him down from there.
Yes, sir.
There's no sign of any struggle in here.
Are we sure that Captain Hague didn't take his own life?
Captain Hague has been different ever since the Great Fire two years ago.
But he's not someone who would willingly throw his life away.
Then that means...
...that Captain Hague was done in without any chance to fight back.
This was a significantly dangerous foe.
He's burning so quietly. But also, incredibly hot.
He's starting to get the hang of it.
Captain Hague?
In an Adolla Link?
Not yet! Not yet! Not yet!
Not yet!
Not yet, not yet!
This is what it is to die. Hysterical Strength of a Fire Scene--
I can't yet... I can't yet die here!
Captain Shimon, is that...?
Yeah. The flame beyond the limits of one's limits.
They're doing it.
All right, that's enough, both of you. Nicely done.
Get so you can go through that sensation at any time.
What... have I done?
Looks like the training is right on schedule for the first day.
What is it, Shinra?
That was the "Press of Death."
"The Press of Death"
Captain Hague is dead?
Captain Hague's death was written up as a suicide, owing to his masochism.
However, the unusual condition of his body, pierced head to toe with stakes,
made for a gruesome sight that was utterly inconceivable as a suicide.
Okay then...
Waka, Hague over at the 4th was...
The White-Clad may come around here again.
Konro, don't go off on your own and do anything behind my back.
Shinra and the others were saying
that the time had come for the empire to be united.
As long as it benefits Asakusa and the 8th, it's fine with me.
The flame is the soul's breath. The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art.
May thy soul return to the great flame of fire.
Látom.
Captain Hague appears to have been killed in the line of duty.
Captain Burns, since you also possess a stigma, please be careful.
Perhaps you should consider having a bodyguard.
This is a trial being bestowed upon us by God.
As such, the 1st must set an example
as followers of the Holy Sol Temple.
We must demonstrate to all others by our conduct
that we will never back down from this kind of terrorism.
May the flame of Sol be with us...
...that we become the swords of God...
...and dispel the darkness.
Okay, let's go and take this country back.
How does the sky feel after all this time?
Mm-hmm...
It is about to begin-- a new era for humanity!
Shinra, Arthur, Tamaki, it sounds like your training in Asakusa went well.
Good work, all three of you.
--Thank you very much! --Thank you very much!
Also, thanks to all of our operations so far,
we've managed to form partnerships with each of the other companies.
After the incident with Nataku Son,
we've even managed to find common cause with Haijima Industries.
That's right. When we started, the 8th was fighting all on its own.
But before we knew it, we managed to gain all these allies.
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
The enemy is a mighty one. There is still much we don't know.
But we have friends we can rely on and allies who will stand with us.
reminding us of a gentle melody
Now is the time to muster all of our strength to take down the White-Clad!
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
Just you wait, Evangelist!
We're gonna kick your ass, and protect the Tokyo Empire!
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
That's the reason why we...
We'll keep on walking until the day
...why the Special Fire Force is uniting!
the fire of our lives gets doused
"Fire Force, Season 2"
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
I see it... It's streaming in...
The world under a new sun...
The empire will become as it should be!
"See you later"